class baseGameMode            // primary game mode code, used in mission description.ext gameType property (**max 7 chars**)
{
//must
type = 2;                 // -1 = hidden | 0 = PvP | 1 = PvE | 2 = PvPvE
modes[] = {};             // [full readable code (if the full game mode code is more than 7 chars, see warlords/vanguard),primary and alternative game mode codes,...]
//modes[] = {"vanguard","vanguar"};

displayName = "VIO-BECTI";         // max 30 characters - used in Quick Play Detail
description = "A recreation of the good old PvP CTI mode. Take command over a group and start to conquer the map and destroy the enemy bases.";         // max 150 characters - used in Quick Play Server List, Simple Server Browser
//should
descriptionLong = "
CTI (Conquer The Island) is a mission that already existed in ArmA2 under the name Warfare. Here 2 factions are facing each other and fight for supremacy over the map. Depending on the map and the setting, a 3rd independent faction can also be involved, but it does not actively participate. but does not actively participate in the action. The goal is to find and destroy the enemy base or alternatively capture all cities/villages. These cities/villages also serve to generate "supplies" with which the "research" can be advanced, the own base can be expanded and further bases can be built. To capture a town/village it is sufficient to be within a small radius of the main bunker, without enemy forces being are also in this zone.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;br/&gt;
As a player, you take on the role of a squad leader, commanding a group of AI units. The player can choose from various infantry infantry units, as well as various vehicles and aircraft, depending on the research and expansion level of the base. There is basically no class system in ArmA (which I very much approve of), so it is up to the player which equipment he wants to use. At the beginning everyone gets a minimum equipment (will be given even if you are broke), this can be customized in the base. All weapons, units and vehicles must be paid with $. These $ are generated by towns/villages that are taken and then generate income for a period of time. time generate income, as well as through successful kills of enemies (the more expensive the unit, the more $ you get for the kill). &lt;br/&gt;
&lt;br/&gt;
It is always better to proceed in a coordinated manner, since single missions usually end with the virtual death of the player as well as the AI comrades and thus often also brings a renewed longer journey to the front.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;br/&gt;
The respawn system is partly different from other game modes, as it focuses on the coordinated attack of mixed group units. Therefore, any player who dies during the attack will respawn in one of the bases (though types of field hospital are possible). A spawn in close proximity to the front however only works for the players, AI chamberades and vehicles have to be ordered in the base. Since thus not immediately again a new attack can take place, it is therefore possible for the defender to strengthen the defense and also plan an attack in time.&lt;br/&gt;
&lt;br/&gt;
Each faction is led by a commander, who is chosen at the beginning by all players on each side. The commander determines the base building, the "research" as well as the basic tactics, his instructions should be followed. It is advisable to always experienced player as commander, because as commander you do not only lead your own squad, but you are also responsible for the other is responsible for the other groups. The commander can communicate these instructions via VON-Ingame/ VON-Tools, or make them visible via internal tools on the map.&lt;br/&gt;
";         // no characters limit; use &lt;br/&gt; for paragraphs - used in Quick Play Detail, Server Details

//must
image = "SPE_WW2_Thumpnail.png";             // 2:1 (eg 1024x512) used in Server Details
imageWide = "SPE_WW2_Banner.png";         // 4:1 (eg 1024x256) used in Quick Play Detail, Quick Play Server List, Quick Play Random, Simple Server Browser
dlcIcon = "";             // used in Quick Play Server List

//nice to have - not clickable to open - only shown as tooltip tool
website = "https://steamcommunity.com/groups/vio-community";             // url - used in Quick Play Detail
information = "https://github.com/dukee02/Arma3_CTI/wiki (soon)";         // wiki/info page url - used in Quick Play Detail
discord = "https://discord.gg/sJw2Nynh7s";             // discord url - used in Quick Play Detail
twitter = "";             // twitter url - used in Quick Play Detail
video = "https://www.youtube.com/@dukee02 (soon)";             // youtube video url - used in Quick Play Detail
};